Dennis Ritchie - 
	Unix was one of the first operating systems designed for the personal computers. Late 60's to early 70's were
	the age of the mini computer. First computers that did not require a mainframe and were cheap enough for many 
	companies to purchase, began the start of the decentralization of computing. Many smartphones run versions of
	linux, which uses and is derived from Unix.

Bjarne Stroustrup-
	In the beginning of coding, you had to write load and store instructions, and had had to play about with bits 
	and bytes, but it was very specialized. Figured out you could write languages for computers that were fit for
	humans. Classes were introduced, making heirarchical staging possible, this was the basis of object-orriented 
	programming. Combine object-orriented programming and low level programming, at the time the language C, and
	combined them into C++, making a more efficient easily used language. Widely used due to its ability to used 
	abstractions and have them so efficent you can afford it in infrastructure,access hardware directly, and its 
	stability.

Bell Labs Unix-
	Large project tend to take a long time, cost a lot of money, and team members are often unsatisfied, so many
	people are looking for better answers, for a problem that is very hard, with no real end. Unix is written at 
	Bell Labs by many people, but not enough skilled individuals to produce. Many people demand that software
	does many new features, unlike hardware where people know that it cant change easily. Software is best when it 
	is change tolerant, so it can be used in the future, rather than just using it for a short time. It is 
	estimated that it took 5000 staff years to program the operating system for IBM's 360 series computers, not
	something that happens often. Unix is made up of three layers, first the kernal, then the shell, and lastly 
	is utilities. Think of the Unix sections as the building blocks of programming.

Linus Torvalds-
	Linus Torvalds is the man behind the operating system called Linux, which he began as a personal project for
	himself rather than the massive open source program it is today. He originally was amazed by the idea of open
	source, the feedback he got, the help, everything was since he gave linux out as an open source program. He
	works with thousands of people and they each help with every iteration of linux. He talks about how he doesnt
	feel mad about companies like Google making billions of dollars after using his creations in their products. 
	